[Music]
to expand or collapse the audio tracks
of a selected clip press z or double
click on the clip this let you see all
the audio layers or simplify your
timeline if you want to expand or
collapse audio tracks for all Clips in
your timeline
simultaneously use shift plus Z or click
the expand all audio button this is a
great way to get an overview or clean up
your workspace quickly to access
additional options for a track
right click on the track number to open
a popup menu this menu gives you several
powerful tools to manage your audio
tracks efficiently mute the track which
will silence it or you can select solo
which mutes all other tracks in the
project these are essential functions
when you need to focus on editing
specific audio tracks split to Mono
allows you to split stereo tracks into
separate monot tracks which can be
useful for audio balancing and detailed
editing detach audio tracks enables you
to separate audio from a video clip
allowing you to manipulate the audio
independently of the video instead of
clicking on each of the track numbers to
mute you can press disable others and
all the other tracks in the clip will
turn off except the one you're focused
on this is very efficient if you only
want to use the one audio track and
disregard the others of the video